software.md, before:

Some of my recommended software/installs.

# Dev

| Preference | Software                         | Linux | Mac | Windows | Notes |
| :--------: | :-----------------------------   | :---: | :-: | :-----: | :----- |
| 🥇         | [Flox](https://flox.dev/)       | ✅     | ✅   | ✅       | a virtual environment and package manager all in one. |
| 🥈         |                                  |       |     |         | | 
| 🥉         |                                  |       |     |         | | 


# Shell
| Preference | Software                         | Linux | Mac | Windows | Notes  |
| :--------: | :-----------------------------   | :---: | :-: | :-----: | :----- |
| 🥇         | [Mosh](https://mosh.org/)        | ✅     | ✅   | ✅       | Pickup from where you eft off in dropped sessions |
| 🥈         |                                  |       |     |         |        | 
| 🥉         |                                  |       |     |         |        | 


# Terminal

| Preference | Software                         | Linux | Mac | Windows | Notes |
| :--------: | :-----------------------------   | :---: | :-: | :-----: | :----- |
| 🥇         | [Termius](https://termius.com/)  | ✅     | ✅   | ✅       | Can make use of [Mosh](#Shell) Shell |
| 🥈         |                                  |       |     |         | | 
| 🥉         |                                  |       |     |         | |

Commit message:

docs: Update software.md
Added Zellij.

Corrected Flox.

software.md, after:

Some of my recommended software/installs.

# Dev

| Preference | Software                         | Linux | Mac | Windows | Notes |
| :--------: | :-----------------------------   | :---: | :-: | :-----: | :----- |
| 🥇         | [Flox](https://flox.dev/)       | ✅     | ✅   | ☑️ WSL   | a virtual environment and package manager all in one. |
| 🥈         |                                  |       |     |         | | 
| 🥉         |                                  |       |     |         | | 


# Shell

| Preference | Software                         | Linux | Mac | Windows | Notes  |
| :--------: | :-----------------------------   | :---: | :-: | :-----: | :----- |
| 🥇         | [Mosh](https://mosh.org/)        | ✅     | ✅   | ✅       | Pickup from where you eft off in dropped sessions |
| 🥈         |                                  |       |     |         |        | 
| 🥉         |                                  |       |     |         |        | 


# Terminal

| Preference | Software                         | Linux | Mac | Windows | Notes |
| :--------: | :-----------------------------   | :---: | :-: | :-----: | :----- |
| 🥇         | [Termius](https://termius.com/)  | ✅     | ✅   | ✅       | Can make use of [Mosh](#Shell) Shell |
| 🥈         | [Zellij](https://zellij.dev/)    | ✅     | ✅   |         | Terminal workspace and multiplexer (like [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux) and [screen](https://www.gnu.org/software/screen/)) written in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/). | 
| 🥉         |                                  |       |     |         | |
